    

Code Pen link 
https://codepen.io/justjeff76/full/PoGZOma




1. What is Semantic HTML? 
	Semantic HTML are tags with meaning.
2. What is HTML used for? 
	HTML is used to structure basic text and images before stylizing with CSS
3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
	an attribute is inserted in a tag and it can be used to specify an aspect of any tag
4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	h1 is used to identify a title or heading with highest priority. 
5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	a and img
6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
	a div tag and a header tag
7. What is an id? 
	an attribute that is specific to a given element in html
8. What elements can I add an id to? 
	div, section 
9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	once
10. What is a class? 
	a customer identifier given to a group of elements
11. What elements can I add a class to? 
	div and sections
12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
	as many as you w nt
13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	an a tag
14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
	
15. How do I reference an id?
	.id
16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	a div is used to establish larger portions of html
17. What is CSS used for? 
	styling raw html
18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	by beginning a code line with h2
19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	.class
21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	p.human
22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
	div.h2, would be useful to select specific portions of code
23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	div.sidebar links
24. What is a pseudo selector?
	:hover
25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	line-spacing
26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	letter-spacing
27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	text-transform:uppercase, lowercase, capitalize
28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	div {
		border: 1px dotted black
}
29. How do I select everything on the page? 
	ctrl-a
30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	/*
31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
	pwd
32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	ls
33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
	rm filename, it can cause errors in the file
34. Why should I use version control? 
	to avoid creating errors 
35. How often should I commit to github?
	when i have tested the forked version of a portion of code
36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
	push -u origin
37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
	fork
	clone
	branch
	commit
	push
	Pull-request